README.md, before:


## Overview
This repository serves as a home for various userstyles I've written using the Stylus ([Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/styl-us/), [Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/stylus/clngdbkpkpeebahjckkjfobafhncgmne?hl=en)) extension.

----
## Installation

1. Install the Stylus Extension 
    * [**Firefox**](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/styl-us/)
    * [**Chrome**](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/stylus/clngdbkpkpeebahjckkjfobafhncgmne?hl=en)

2. Click on the ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/install%20with-stylus-006666?style=flat-square) next to userstyle title below!

3. If you have Stylus installed, it'll prompt you to add the userstyle.

----
## Table of Contents

##### Medical School Resources
   1. [Pathoma](#DarkerPathoma) 
   2. [UWorld](#duw) 
   3. [Sketchy](#ds) 
   4. [Firecracker](#df) 
   5. [Amboss](#da) 

##### Misc. Sites
   1. [TwitLonger](#dtl)

   
----
## Images

#### <a name="DarkerPathoma"></a> Darker Pathoma [![](https://img.shields.io/badge/install%20with-stylus-006666?style=flat-square)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JohnCiubuc/userstyles/master/darker-pathoma.user.css)

![p1](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JohnCiubuc/userstyles/master/images/Pathoma1.png)


![p2](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JohnCiubuc/userstyles/master/images/Pathoma2.png)

Activating the toggle (Click Stylus extension -> Cog wheel next to 'Darker Pathoma') activates slim mode:

![ps1](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JohnCiubuc/userstyles/master/images/PathomaSlim1.png)

![ps2](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JohnCiubuc/userstyles/master/images/PathomaSlim2.png)

![ps3](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JohnCiubuc/userstyles/master/images/Pathoma3.png)


#### <a name="duw"></a> Darker UWorld [![](https://img.shields.io/badge/install%20with-stylus-006666?style=flat-square)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JohnCiubuc/userstyles/master/darker-uworld.user.css)
![uworld](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JohnCiubuc/userstyles/master/images/DarkerUWorld1.jpg) 

#### <a name="ds"></a> Darker Sketchy [![](https://img.shields.io/badge/install%20with-stylus-006666?style=flat-square)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JohnCiubuc/userstyles/master/darker-sketchy.user.css)
![s1](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JohnCiubuc/userstyles/master/images/SketchyDark2.png)
![s2](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JohnCiubuc/userstyles/master/images/SketchyDark1.png)

#### <a name="df"></a> Darker Firecracker [![](https://img.shields.io/badge/install%20with-stylus-006666?style=flat-square)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JohnCiubuc/userstyles/master/dark-blue-firecracker.user.css)
![f1](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JohnCiubuc/userstyles/master/images/DarkerFirecracker1.jpg)

#### <a name="da"></a> Darker Amboss [![](https://img.shields.io/badge/install%20with-stylus-006666?style=flat-square)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JohnCiubuc/userstyles/master/darker-amboss.user.css)

![a1](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JohnCiubuc/userstyles/master/images/amboss1.png)
![a2](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JohnCiubuc/userstyles/master/images/amboss2.jpg)
![a3](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JohnCiubuc/userstyles/master/images/amboss4.jpg)


#### <a name="dtl"></a> Darker TwitLonger [![](https://img.shields.io/badge/install%20with-stylus-006666?style=flat-square)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JohnCiubuc/userstyles/master/darker-twitlonger.user.css)
![f1](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JohnCiubuc/userstyles/master/images/TwitLonger1.png)

Commit message:

Added Darker Canopy. Still WIP however

README.md, after:



## Overview
This repository serves as a home for various userstyles I've written using the Stylus ([Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/styl-us/), [Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/stylus/clngdbkpkpeebahjckkjfobafhncgmne?hl=en)) extension.

----
## Installation

1. Install the Stylus Extension 
    * [**Firefox**](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/styl-us/)
    * [**Chrome**](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/stylus/clngdbkpkpeebahjckkjfobafhncgmne?hl=en)

2. Click on the ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/install%20with-stylus-006666?style=flat-square) next to userstyle title below!

3. If you have Stylus installed, it'll prompt you to add the userstyle.

----
## Table of Contents

##### Medical School Resources
   1. [Pathoma](#DarkerPathoma) 
   2. [UWorld](#duw) 
   3. [Sketchy](#ds) 
   4. [Firecracker](#df) 
   5. [Amboss](#da) 
   6. [Canopy](#dcanopy)

##### Misc. Sites
   1. [TwitLonger](#dtl)

   
----
## Images

#### <a name="DarkerPathoma"></a> Darker Pathoma [![](https://img.shields.io/badge/install%20with-stylus-006666?style=flat-square)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JohnCiubuc/userstyles/master/darker-pathoma.user.css)

![p1](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JohnCiubuc/userstyles/master/images/Pathoma1.png)


![p2](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JohnCiubuc/userstyles/master/images/Pathoma2.png)

Activating the toggle (Click Stylus extension -> Cog wheel next to 'Darker Pathoma') activates slim mode:

![ps1](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JohnCiubuc/userstyles/master/images/PathomaSlim1.png)

![ps2](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JohnCiubuc/userstyles/master/images/PathomaSlim2.png)

![ps3](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JohnCiubuc/userstyles/master/images/Pathoma3.png)


#### <a name="duw"></a> Darker UWorld [![](https://img.shields.io/badge/install%20with-stylus-006666?style=flat-square)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JohnCiubuc/userstyles/master/darker-uworld.user.css)
![uworld](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JohnCiubuc/userstyles/master/images/DarkerUWorld1.jpg) 

#### <a name="ds"></a> Darker Sketchy [![](https://img.shields.io/badge/install%20with-stylus-006666?style=flat-square)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JohnCiubuc/userstyles/master/darker-sketchy.user.css)
![s1](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JohnCiubuc/userstyles/master/images/SketchyDark2.png)
![s2](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JohnCiubuc/userstyles/master/images/SketchyDark1.png)

#### <a name="df"></a> Darker Firecracker (Still in Major WIP, but the Quiz portion is complete) [![](https://img.shields.io/badge/install%20with-stylus-006666?style=flat-square)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JohnCiubuc/userstyles/master/dark-blue-firecracker.user.css)
![f1](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JohnCiubuc/userstyles/master/images/DarkerFirecracker1.jpg)

#### <a name="da"></a> Darker Amboss [![](https://img.shields.io/badge/install%20with-stylus-006666?style=flat-square)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JohnCiubuc/userstyles/master/darker-amboss.user.css)

![a1](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JohnCiubuc/userstyles/master/images/amboss1.png)
![a2](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JohnCiubuc/userstyles/master/images/amboss2.jpg)
![a3](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JohnCiubuc/userstyles/master/images/amboss4.jpg)

#### <a name="dcanopy"></a> Darker Canopy [![](https://img.shields.io/badge/install%20with-stylus-006666?style=flat-square)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JohnCiubuc/userstyles/master/darker-canopy.user.css)

![dc1](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JohnCiubuc/userstyles/master/images/Canopy1.png)

#### <a name="dtl"></a> Darker TwitLonger [![](https://img.shields.io/badge/install%20with-stylus-006666?style=flat-square)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JohnCiubuc/userstyles/master/darker-twitlonger.user.css)
![f1](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JohnCiubuc/userstyles/master/images/TwitLonger1.png)
